[Music]
hello everyone I'm at the NA LCS studio
with coverage presented by HTC eSports
of all stars here I'm joined right now
by BAE BAE from J team as well as Kenny
who's gonna help translate baby talk to
me a little bit about what this event
has meant for you because I know it's
may be the last time we're gonna see you
on stage so jealous enjoy some beside 9
choose what's ass on P side 20 lights on
the ease among the zombies I disorder so
holy Sandman now was John just the
quandary enjoyed IOC chaos arrived dopey
old ocean are in charge to the quantity
since this is going to be the last event
of my career I wanted to win the
championship
it doesn't matter who I face LC Kyl
appeal was the World Championship not
enough for you you have to win all stars
of 2017 to really cement your legacy
calling the audience inside awkward
she's awaiting to wear that I really
don't know decisions I would do so I was
my Honda so he challenged to don't see
an adulterous I was wrong as it took in
our budget so when you come back for the
past two years he never actually got
into the world so you will be great that
he wants the championship for the whole
stars yeah so what what led you to this
point why do you say that this is gonna
be your last event and why did you you
decide to move on from this so some of
you in line to sort of jump boys enjoy
he'll decide she knows is joy how to be
sad sad you guys are joking treating
heart quants and young with all which ye
na actually that was this is a shot to
your heart with a person just very
eternity Tony yeah yeah to the marriage
at Omaha no yeah you know tatting city
assignment power which is this is just
to hold a sightseer there are a lot of
reason especially I was sleeping to in
summer and my focus being lacking and
also I never actually got into the
world's playoff for this season so I
made up my mind this will be my last
event
okay and what's next for you sounds
awesome all hooting yeah she's done sold
quite a challenge over 13 songs y'all be
sure whole Italian suits all in C so
anyway since Josie is yeah how handsome
I want to be more relaxed since being a
professional requires a lot of time a
lot of training and a lot of dedication
to us I just want to have a good time
and relax okay so does that mean that
you are retiring in real life - not just
from professional play you're just going
to relax for the rest of your life so uh
yes enjoy sure justice is sinseong you
know she not have a meal some awesome
okay weights at the time so she's you
know contribute Sun City Arizona city no
dieting wait either
so it's just for legalizing retirement
it's not for the time frame for life
right now I just want to relax because I
don't really know what I wanted to yet
maybe in the in the future all thought
of something yeah very good now what
have you thought of all these years
because I remember you
one you know way back in the day season
to seeing legal legends evolved so much
now like this studio didn't exist
LCS didn't exists what has it been like
for you to see
League of Legends eSports evolve over
these years so nine tone it's to crisis
now - Jimmy Sun Also Tinchy Jaime Oh
chilly LCS emails from shank want a
second chance to be a mess for America
how cool now so generic and uh kimchi
the sentence is a consumer to the cash
so that happy says all merch and gold
enjoyment with a jade some other sensing
just Baba since I guess Bama just gonna
host and via the shortage a loop Suzanne
1je
so to the dossier Connecticut in
genepattern John Hagee area huh
two inch one you never actually thought
League of Legends as an eSports will
grow so much especially like season a
even some professional NBA player NBA
player might want to buy a team to join
eSports
so he actually very glad to see eSports
to grow so much and again you've played
for so long
do you have anything that you would say
to any of the up-and-coming players or
the rookies that we see joining the
league today you know Samantha's
changing the Arizona years in just my
bundle kind of energy we all hope it
down it designs legal in San Antonio a
ton so the time span of eSports a
professional player is very short a lot
of young players starting at 16 but you
can mostly play till like age of 26 and
that could be it
so you have to put all your focus and
put all the thought into training and
don't let this ten year go to waste
there are a couple people and the NA LCS
that are approaching 26 does that mean
that we they need to start packing up
and getting ready to go
it's our famous actually it's only a
Honduran Sol judging us they also
nitrous or Thomson guy out to 800 Sun so
hot my means gender just remember hahaha
alright it's 20 seconds I just had some
fun today you're consuming have seeing
that movie it's all right Ellen sounds
facing toward City shank is the same
illegitimate sound so it was actually a
year now what just happened she's
chillin chang-myung
it's Kitty TJ I'm out doing she didn't
attend a Haji Anne Tata and huh
so you're being pursued by a daughter
show that I mean it's not everyone
should retire at the age of 26 I'm just
using myself as examples I've been
sleeping a lot I haven't put much time
to into practice and especially for for
example like LC case marine is older
than me but he still got it so I you can
still continue on right very good well I
know HTC has a big feature coming out on
you later this week but is there
anything you want to say to any of the
Western fans here as you hang
your hat and your mousepad as it is dr.
Jochen Yamaha she made a fancy man Sona
what is home remedy causes bad seed and
that's always one ideas abused a doctor
and auto-generating aspire to the cold
union to the whole time they may say
that I found this always hungry style
which is a sensitive man man catching
that is a caisson some very analogous
it's alright
I started from Season one my username is
just starting with BB and continue back
to season a is glad to make a round
circle starting from season one at North
America and coming back finish all in
North America yeah very good ho thank
you so much baby for the interview best
of luck in the future hope you can get
even more sleep because it sounds like
that's very important to you Thank You
Kenny for the translation for everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel